WIP: Electron startup performance measurement script (#23)
eclipsesource/theia: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

> - [scripts] added Electron front-end start-up performance measurement script [#](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/pull/#) - Contributed on behalf of STMicroelectronics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [scripts] added Electron frontend start-up performance measurement script [#](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/pull/#) - Contributed on behalf of STMicroelectronics
```
